well Guillermo and I we haven't just
been eating and drinking our way through
New York we experienced some culture - I
read an article about misty Copeland the
ballet dancer you familiar with Missy is
a very interesting person he's the first
african-american female principal dancer
with the American Ballet Theatre and
have the same so reminds me a great deal
of myself she really does so we
contacted misty who graciously agreed to
give me a my pal Guillermo a private
lesson a lesson that really changed both
of our lives in a very dramatic way
thank you it took 47 years and a hell of
a lot of soul-searching but today I
finally discovered that my passion is
ballet
hello hi hey how you doing I'm Jimmy
your legs are really hairy yeah yeah
well you know what I think that it could
be a good thing you know a little bit of
hair in the ballet right as long as you
have a beautiful shape yeah well
obviously huh yeah he does
easily you know people told us that we'd
never be ballerinas and um we decided to
come to you to prove that wrong we were
wrong I think I'm the person for that I
don't want to touch what could be a
masterpiece so I want to see what you
guys okay
no I think I know plie position okay you
want to come around to the bar and show
me this room I do this right okay and
straighten your knees before do it why
don't you try maybe holding on to the
bar for all those of the bar oh there
you go
you actually have really gorgeous legs
I've been telling you for life hey you
have been saying that I say you're
they're just kissing my ass when misty
complimented my legs I was very
flattered and I also say that she has a
pretty good body to go straight to these
chest up chin and up da and then
straightening I I have an idea of what
your strengths and weaknesses are okay
so we're going to do I have any
witnesses besides the body here um yes
oh I do okay all right all right
we're gonna do one simple step before we
move into the center front side back and
gronbach mom it looks so easy when you
do it it should look easy that's why we
trained for hours and hours our whole
lives
hmm I'm blaming on him it he took me to
lunch to me a slice of pizza yeah there
was a lot of pizza and a calzone
that's not acceptable it's not see I
said as a ballerina you have to watch
what you eat right we be ballerinas
you'd be a dancer oh there's there is no
such thing as a ballerina that seems
very sexist to me that's gums you know
like that you gotta keep those hips till
your hips don't lie remember that
Guillermo oh yeah
yes no she care up here oh yeah
yeah I'm extremely nervous about this
performance for them my hope is that
they don't fall and hurt themselves and
gronbach MA kick grandma buck
wow I think you guys are ready to put on
your pointe shoes oh we're ready to put
our pointe shoes all right and foot in
oh you've got yours in a nice little bow
already yeah
you're natural I learned how to tie my
shoes many here come on thank you all
right oh man date hard right now use the
bar as much as you need to to get up on
those toes you're gonna rise up
yep got Oh further we go oh come on
this is painful he looks so sad gear oh
this is hard she's a strict teacher you
know she was pushing ass to do more and
more and on my how was telling me yeah
but my body was telling me no so we're
gonna start with the very first step
that the Swans do in the second act so
you're going to start with a Tom lavay
Tong Ave on tape and you follow each
other around
Zach's ear mm-hmm yeah I think we got it
maybe you like five six seven eight
Thanh lebay and um what a toddler now
you have to move so you guys it's crush
you keep sneaking or
around okay something like Tom Levein
you beyond taught a okay okay I'll talk
to it along I'll be okay not exactly but
isn't this good bill oh um no this is
what you guys are doing yeah that was
right that's not a that's not how what
to him that's both of you misty was nice
but she was a little bit tough on us
because you know ballet is a very
competitive world and you just get
somebody like me who shows up and is
just immediately good at it keep doing
it you're doing it you're doing it and
it had to bother her I mean she's worked
at this her whole life and I just roll
in and master it um wat teh but keep the
legs in front of you that little bit
like the running man we've got a little
bit more time left before the
performance and I think they're gonna be
great
I hope okay I don't think we're gonna
get any farther with that step but you
came a long way yeah we came from
California
yeah that's five hours and a half flying
why yeah we're gonna continue to jump
okay so we're gonna stand in fifth
position like that that's third position
but one day you'll get to fifth you're
gonna jump straight up you're gonna
change your feet and that's a Sean's mom
but you have to land in fifth position
okay one of my testicles is like coming
out of the
area okay you should keep that to
yourself try it's trying to get off my
property
hey when you dance like I do every
ballet is the Nutcracker shave and two
and three and four and since you're a
tattoo - you're gonna bow like a
ballerina this just type of my penis I
think my testicle is too big for just
the thing that I put over here I don't
know how to call it it just too small
I'm Texaco star too big
go change two three four step side and
bow ballet was born in Italy more than
600 years ago and today it died I think
we're ready to dance in Modena
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
if you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel and if
not do nothing at all